>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And so what I'd like
everybody to do is build out their widgets
service.
So start with get, the collection,
but then go ahead and
do create, update, and delete.
I think this will take,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I'll give everybody
20 minutes to do this.
If somebody, when you get done,
just go ahead and raise your hand.
And if everybody's kinda done,
then we'll just, we'll kinda move on.
So use the ItemService as a reference and
the items component.
And let's built out this container
component and the service.
So Sebastian on headers, any best
practices or tips to handle CORS errors?
So, generally CORS is
an issue with the server.
And so your server has to be
configured to accept your call.
And so if there is a CORS error,
I actually wanna know about that.
And so that is something I
try to catch in development.
And sometimes I'm just
hitting an endpoint that
it hasn't been configured to
accept my request from my call.
And so sometimes it's just a matter
of calling up IT and saying, hey,
can you whitelist this IP?
And so generally, in development,
I want to surface all the errors.
And so
while I'm working in development mode,
I wanna capture everything and
I wanna know about it.
I wanna see how many of these
things can I actually fix?
How many of these are solvable?
From there, if there was some kind of
a CORS error or something happened,
more than likely what I would do
is capture it at the stream level.
Find some way to communicate
that internally.
So maybe send that,
like log that error to a remote server and
then find some user-friendly error
to communicate to the user that hey,
something has happened,
either try again or contact support.
And so obviously, you don't wanna
surface any kind of sensitive data or
information that doesn't
make any sense to them.
And so for me,
the best approach to this is you wanna
catch as much of this before
you go onto production.
But if it is going to happen, and it will,
have a way to catch that at the stream
level to communicate that to
a kind of a remote server that you can
then go back and see what happened.
So kind of communicate it
through the back door like hey,
this is what really happened.
And then come up with a scheme for
communicating it to
the user in a friendly way
that actually makes sense.
And so that's kinda the beauty of
observables is that you can capture it
where happens, and then figure out what
you're going to do with it right at
the source.
>> Speaker 2: Is there any built in login?
Cuz I mean you send it
right to remote server?
Or are you just kinda handle it yourself?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So with AngularJS,
there was a dollar log, which just give
you kind of some better logging options.
There's nothing into the framework for
that.
But there is some pretty good projects
that are fairly full featured in terms of
logging.
But, I up for
Airbrake is a pretty common service.
And so to that end, before actually
capturing the errors themselves,
I would recommend hooking up
a third party service for that.
So Airbrake is the one that
I've used in production.
Like, hey, this thing went wrong.
And then what you can do using
an interceptor is actually automatically
capture any of those errors and
automatically just push them
right out the Airbrake.
And then you can even configure it if
something goes wrong, send me an email.
Or sometimes, you just don't wanna know,
I'll just go look at it at the end
of the day or the end of the week.
But there are certain, during launch,
we've had those running and
pretty much as things are breaking,
we're able to capture them,
but Airbrake or some kind of
third party service like that.